[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Have you ever wondered
if you were given the
correct name at your birth?
Sometimes we no longer
resonate with that name,
and we'll even go so
far as to change it.
According to Nicholas David
Ngan, when we change our name,
we change our entire life.
In his book, Your Soul Contract
Decoded, an ancient Hebrew form
of numerology is used to tell
us what our life's purpose is
by deciphering our name.
And yes, sometimes a
change is in order.
Welcome back.
I loved my last
conversation with you.
So here we go again.
And this is your life's work.
Your purpose is to help
people understand and empower
themselves by working with
this matrix of numerology
that I think a lot of people
understand, numerology works.
You can even go to a
little magazine or even
in some newspapers.
Oh, it's going to be a 2
kind of day or whatnot.
But that's not what you do.
>>NICHOLAS DAVID NGAN:
This is a different sort
of numerology, Regina.
This is based on
using the pure sounds
of the movement of a
great spirit or god
and the creation of creation.
And it's a work,
actually, that Drunvalo
has been exploring with
the flower of life.
Out of the symbol of
the flower of life,
which represents the
creator creating,
we get 22 specific movements,
which have 22 specific Hebrew
sounds, or Sanskrit,
or Tibetan sounds,
the other sacred languages
associated with them.
And when we match those
sounds to a birth certificate
name in whatever
language that is,
we then get the true
program, true contract,
what the soul's put
into someone to create
their life in each moment
by the law of attraction.
>>REGINA: And you know
what's so interesting?
As you're talking,
and you're talking
about the name in each moment,
what just popped into my mind.
It's interesting that in
our cultures, the culture
in the West certainly--
I don't know about all
of the cultures in
the East and what
happens with names when people
marry-- but the woman is
constantly having to be
faced with the choice
of whether to change
from her maiden name
to her married name.
And if you're married more than
once, you have to change again,
or you can choose whether to.
The nice thing is you get to
choose whether you want that.
But it would seem
that there would
be a lot more movement
in the life of women
as a result of that.
>>NGAN: Well, often
the issue with names
is an issue of power, where
the masculine energy decides,
OK, you're going to
change your name to mine,
so I have power over you.
>>REGINA: Oh, I know
what that part means.
Yeah, that's the classical part.
But looking at it from
what you're talking about,
whole different thing.
It has a different kind
of meaning and potential.
>>NGAN: What it means there
is that the souls have
got together in a
relationship, have already
agreed what the names will be.
And often a woman will
enter in a relationship
to get a specific
frequency of name,
because she wants to
grow in a certain way.
>>REGINA: Meaning unconsciously.
>>NGAN: Unconsciously.
Yeah.
Because you can think of the
sounds of the birth certificate
name that are like
the cake of your life.
It's what creates your
reality in each moment.
And they radiate out to
the reality or the matrix,
and it rearranges around that.
This is actually the source
of the Law of Attraction.
So if you go and
change your name,
it's like putting a layer
of icing over that cake,
so it infuses a new
set of frequencies
that goes into your
original contract
and can either help you
enhance it and work it
through or hinder you.
Or it may have no effect
or somewhere in between,
depending on what's going on.
So the name change is
for growth or challenge
or a mixture of both in life.
>>REGINA: Yes, which
a lot of people
find out when they get married.
Yes, of course.
>>NGAN: Yes.
They sure do.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS] And so
this is spiritual numerology
of Moses, is what it is called.
And Frank Alper
was your teacher.
Tell us a little bit about
Frank Alper, the original system
he used and then how you
started embracing and using it.
>>NGAN: What
happened with this is
that I discovered the system.
I walked into a hotel room
in Phoenix, Arizona, in 1990.
I was drawn to come
to his workshop called
"The Carousel of Growth."
I didn't know why.
I just knew I had to be there.
And he pulled out
a star of David.
And he asked me
what my birth name
was, birth certificate name was.
He added Hebrew
sounds to that name.
And Hebrew numbers come
out of those sounds,
which is one of the major
differences between this system
and normal Pythagorean
numerology.
And Hebrew numbers and
letters have the same sound
and the same symbol.
There is no allocation of
numbers to the Roman alphabet.
So we're dealing with the pure
frequencies of God, really,
when we use this
system, so probably
the highest level of truth
you can have in this reality.
And so what he did is
he decoded my numbers
on the Star of David.
And he went about in one hour
explaining my entire life.
He took all the
disparate experiences
I had, all the confusing stuff,
all the challenging stuff,
and said, here's
why it all happened.
>>REGINA: Did he recognized
the other unique aspect of you,
in that your soul chose to
come into this body at 12
years of age?
>>NGAN: Oh, that
came along later.
>>REGINA: That came later.
OK.
Because he just saw
these qualities of you.
>>NGAN: It was all in the chart,
that my personality, my body,
was living these
out, very viscerally.
And so that just was like one
of those real aha moments,
one of those things
you never forget,
like the birth of a child.
It's one of those days.
You just never forget that day.
It was burned into
my consciousness.
And I thought, I have
to learn how to do this.
And so I stayed on for
another six weeks in America
to actually go on the
training for this workshop.
And the way it all
started for him was he
was just driving, probably to
Sedona, somewhere in Arizona--
>>REGINA: Probably.
Right.
>>NGAN: --knowing him.
And it came to him that in
Hebrew numbers and letters
have the same sound
and same frequency.
And then what happened
was that the soul of Moses
spent nine months channeling
to him the meaning of the 22
numbers of Hebrew that
are used in the system.
Each of the 22 numbers has
a specific characteristic
that we use in the
Soul Contract reading
work, which is
what I've named it.
Because I try to differentiate
it from normal numerology
but also to say more
what it actually did.
>>REGINA: Soul contracts.
Yes.
Identifying soul contracts.
>>NGAN: So literally
what the soul brings in
to create your life.
And so basically he brought
it in at a very high,
esoteric level.
And what I've tried to do
along with Ahlmeirah Ariel
Hallaire, who I work with
to develop this work-- so we
expanded it based on thousands
of readings with people
over the past 35 years,
40 years, of combined
work between the two of us.
And so we work with
a lot of people
with the system at a
healing level as well.
And we use this to guide
us in working with them
so they would understand how to
navigate their soul contract.
And based on that, we got
an enormous understanding
of how this actually
manifests in real life.
And so we expanded
these interpretations.
I had about 12 pages
from Frank, typewritten.
That was it.
And he spent his time
and just talked about it.
>>REGINA: And that's it.
And you've developed
all of this from there.
Well, those are good bones to
work with, though, as they say,
a good framework.
>>NGAN: Good framework.
>>REGINA: And, you
know, one thing that's
popping into my mind
also is that years ago,
when I realized I could speak to
other beings, into other realms
and such-- I could listen.
I could listen, ask questions
and listen to answers.
One thing that came
up is that I seem
to have this real
attachment-- not attachment,
but love of helping people
identify their names,
especially unborn
children before they
came into this plane.
But that's really
not my business.
I mean, it's between the
soul and their parents.
But there was this one
situation I remember,
and I bring it up because
it exemplifies how strongly
this soul wanted
this particular name.
And it was my sister.
She was having a baby.
And she didn't know
the sex of the baby yet
and didn't want to
until the baby was born.
And so I was
speaking to the baby.
There's a one-week window
before they're born
and after people
die where I seem
to be able to tap in when
they're right around the body.
And this baby was telling me
about what it was coming here
for, what it wanted to
experience, what it loved.
And it's amazing.
At 25 years old now,
she's all of those things.
She's very strong.
And the being said, I
came here for the name--
and I couldn't if it was
Alexander or Alexandra.
Because it wasn't giving me
its sex yet at this time.
And so I called my
sister the next morning.
I thought, oh, what
a beautiful name.
I called my sister.
I said, Denise, have you
and your husband Norbert
thought about the
name of the baby yet?
She said, as a matter of
fact, yes, last night.
Both of us just-- boom-- we
decided on a name last night.
And I said, well what is it?
I said, because I got
one last night, too.
And she said, well,
it's Alexandra
if it's a girl and then
Alexander if it's a boy.
And so this being
was so powerful, they
were able to get through to all
of us and say, that is my name.
And it's a strong name.
And this is going to turn
into a very strong woman when
she gets a little older.
>>NGAN: Yeah.
What happens there is the
soul, prior to incarnation,
it looks at its past lives.
And it says, of
all the themes I've
been exploring many
lifetimes, what would I
like to explore this
time, what variation?
Because often we repeat
themes in different ways.
We play different roles
in the same family group.
So it's already designed
probably two or three names
that would, through
the Law of Attraction,
basically create what, in
this case, she would like.
And so at the point of
incarnation, usually
at conception, we get quite
a lot of the soul comes in,
but it continues
through the pregnancy.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Mhm.
>>NGAN: She's telepathing
to the close family.
Because she knows who's
going to have a say.
She knew you were
going to have a say,
so she had to get to you.
>>REGINA: Right, right. [LAUGHS]
>>NGAN: So that's why when
parents name children,
only two to three names come up.
>>REGINA: Yes, that's true.
>>NGAN: And the rest
sort of just blank out.
Or you might have the
beginning and the end,
and you're waiting for
the middle one to turn up.
Oh.
Oh, you're a Michael.
OK, we know who you are.
And so the soul's
hoping, and usually 98%,
99% of the time, the
parents get it right.
And so their life will
happen the way they like.
And the parents have the
illusion of free will.
They believe they've
chosen the name.
But actually the soul's
already worked it all out.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: That's the
way it actually works.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's an
interesting thing right there.
Because the argument of free
will versus purpose-- what
is-- the opposite of
free will is-- my mind's
totally going blank.
>>NGAN: Following
the flow of spirit.
>>REGINA: No, the opposite,
where you feel you're locked in
and everything is
already decided for you.
Anyway--
>>NGAN: Fate.
>>REGINA: Fate, yes.
OK.
Free will versus fate.
This is an argument that comes
up all the time between people.
When what you just said-- in my
estimation, that is how it is.
The soul has its free will.
And you-- it can
feel like fate to you
because you're the one
that has to live it out
in the personality in
the third dimension.
Like, what's up with that?
That's not what I wanted to do.
But there it is.
And you're destined to do it.
Because the soul
does have free will.
>>NGAN: Well, the soul has
a particularly unique path
that it wishes to follow.
And it's doing its very
best to communicate to us.
And the more emotionally
clearer we become and present,
that allows the soul to
communicate through what
we call the spiritual signature,
the flow in each moment.
There is actually
one right thing
to do in the flow of
spirit in each moment.
And that's what opens
our heart, that gives us
positive physical and
emotional sensations that
come through us.
And if we flow with
that, life opens
on what I call
the path of bliss.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: And so if we
surrender to that,
because the ego believes
it must have a final say.
Because it believes it's
more powerful than God,
higher consciousness, where
it feels separate from it.
At the same time, it's
the one which believes,
I must have a say,
so I'm in charge.
I'm in control.
But if we get clear enough
and let that go and follow
the spiritual signature, the
flow of the heart, the path
of bliss we're following,
the path of grace and ease,
life opens and flows for us.
And that's actually the
journey for all of us.
>>REGINA: Yes.
It is.
And that's a difficult
thing for a lot of people,
is to identify their light.
That's why you're doing
the work you're doing.
You help them in
your book, which
is very hands on, is giving
them the potential to see,
in black and white,
right there, what
it is their soul contract is.
What did their
soul come in to do?
And when you align with
that higher purpose,
and you embrace that truth,
and you have that clarity,
I find it's very true.
Life takes on a completely
different aspect
when it comes to the
notion of struggle.
And you write in your
book, the biggest problem
is for a lot of people--
their mantra is, life is hard.
Or as they say in the US,
life's a bitch, then you die.
>>NGAN: Yup.
>>REGINA: Right?
>>NGAN: Well, it
will be if you don't
follow the flow of spirit.
And you'll come back
and do it again.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS] And again.
>>NGAN: And again
until you surrender.
And so when they talk
about mastery and masters,
the only true mastery
is the mastery
of the ego, where it
is surrendered, where
we have mastery of
our consciousness
and a flowing in each moment.
Because if we were to
flow in each right moment,
everything that you
need will come to.
You've just got
to be open to it.
And the ego has to feel it
can let go and surrender.
And that's actually how you live
a graceful, fulfilling life.
Because that's aligning with
the true purpose of the soul.
And that's never apparent
when we first arrive here.
>>REGINA: No.
And once a person does align
with their soul's purpose,
it doesn't mean
that there won't be
issues that arise, such as,
oh, well that version of it
has just gone away.
Now what am I supposed to do?
But I think you're saying if you
are aligned with that purpose,
even then you should
try to relax and stay
in a state of grace.
Because the soul's busy
working it out to show you what
the next iteration
of that thing is.
You just have to be
a little patient,
even if it's a little nail
biting for a little while.
>>NGAN: Well, there is a plan.
God has a plan.
And if God didn't have a
plan, we'd have a problem.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: OK.
But the ego feels that my little
ego here has to be in charge
and work it all out.
It's looking behind
us thinking, don't
want any of this bad
stuff to happen again,
so I'm going to control it and
make sure it doesn't happen.
And so the future is
not going to be that.
But that actually locks us down
out of a lot of possibilities.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: So actually
what we're wanting to do
is to surrender this,
gain mastery, which
is letting it go,
dissolving it gradually,
ego dissolution, which is what
all the leaders talk about,
is about letting go into
our true nature, which
is the vastness of spirit and
then allowing us to feel that
through the body.
And so the soul
contract work is all
about identifying how
each of us uniquely builds
our ego structure, which
is what we need to have,
because we inherently
feel separate,
abandoned by God
by being in a body.
Just the nature of
being born does that.
>>REGINA: Oh, it's part of
being human is unfortunately--
we're evolving out
of that, though.
>>NGAN: Yeah.
And so the purpose
of it is to identify
how we have decided to
be separate from higher
consciousness.
And the reason that
we've chosen that
is because we each are
a spark of the divine.
We just forgot who we were.
And the purpose of forgetting
is so that we will then
seek to find the
true meaning of life.
It's the biggest
question people have
asked-- what's the
meaning of my life?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>NGAN: It's much more
than just making money
or doing this or that.
It's actually--
>>REGINA: What am I here for?
>>NGAN: --a deep question
we ask ourselves.
And it gets stronger
as we get older.
And so we're each a
spark of the creator who
has forgotten who we were,
deliberately, so we would
engage with this
reality as if it's real.
But it's just a projection
of consciousness.
And then through understanding
our soul contract, which
is why I wrote the
book, I can see, ah,
I've created a specific,
unique way of being
separate from higher
consciousness.
So if I work through the
karmic issues, which are not
punishment, they're
just a negative context,
which we're here to first
understand and engage
with and transmute.
Life's a bitch because
most people do not
engage with the hard stuff.
They turn away 90 degrees to it.
But if they engage
with, say disempowerment
or victimization, they'll
discover within the shadow
programs of that, the
gift of empowerment
by transmuting the many
layers of that karma.
And that actually
becomes the gift
they're here to
deliver to the world.
That's partly the answer to
the question they're asking.
It's right in front of them.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: And so
when they do that,
they actually start to
align with their purpose.
And then when they start to
align with their purpose,
life starts to flow and open.
And opportunities open.
And unsolvable situations
start to resolve themselves
because they're viewing their
life from a state of higher
consciousness.
They see I'm a spirit
having a human experience.
And if I stand back and say,
ah, my ego is doing this,
therefore I see what
I'm trying to learn,
so I'll go take
the right action.
I won't do what my
ego wants to do,
which is avoid the suffering
and feeling associated with it.
I'll engage with it
and transform it.
And therefore life does
flow, life does open.
And if you keep
doing that, you will
achieve the place of what we
call soul integration, where
the soul has much
more fully embodied
and the ego has dissolved.
And the feelings and
thoughts, or the personality
and the soul, are one
in the same thing.
And then we're on
the path of bliss,
the path of alignment
with the soul.
And the purpose of this work
is to get people on that path
so they can deliver their gifts
and live a happier life, a more
fulfilling life.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And when you talk about purpose,
in the West oftentimes--
what is my purpose?
And there becomes
this kind of confusion
that purpose has to do
with work and that work
has to do with money
and sources of income.
And this is where the whole
thing gets muddied up.
Because your life's purpose
does not necessarily
have to do anything with
what you do in your work
or for a living or how you
spend the majority of your time
doing that just to take
care of the necessities
of physical life.
And when people often-- when
I watch people, where they're
starting to connect with
what they want to do,
I've watched people
walk right away from it
and suffer even more.
Because they couldn't find a
way to make a living at it.
Can you address that part of it?
>>NGAN: If we are truly
engaged with our real purpose,
the universe will provide.
But it's the fear the
ego has of only living.
Because it has this very
narrow set of consciousness.
Money has to come
in a certain way.
It could be a job.
>>REGINA: Exactly
>>NGAN: OK.
And so their purpose may be
to do this spiritually, which
means no job in a
conventional sense,
but time and space to do
whatever it is they're
here to do.
So if they align with that
flow, and depending what's
in their soul contract,
the money will turn up.
It will actually flow.
Like me coming here
to America for this.
Initially I thought, I don't
know how I'm going to do this.
But actually things
started to turn up.
And I realized, OK,
there is a plan.
I always know
there's a plan, but I
start to feel there was a plan.
And so I just let it unfold.
And here we are.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: About maybe 12
months since we first
talked about this.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
>>NGAN: It's actually happening.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: It's viable.
So it wasn't the way
I thought it would be.
But I let go what that will be.
It's just happened because
I followed the flow.
>>REGINA: There's
a woman I know.
She loves nurturing.
She's a European women.
She's an aesthetician,
loves working with skin
and botanicals.
And she just loves this.
And she was finding
that it's difficult.
It was difficult for her
to get going in all that.
And it just popped into
my mind out of nowhere,
so I'm bringing it up.
Out of the blue, she
receives this inheritance
from a person who was an old
man in another country she
had stayed in for a short time.
And he was a neighbor.
And he was elderly.
She would bring him
food and chat with him
and just be nice to him.
He had no family left.
And he left his home to her,
totally out of the blue,
unexpectedly.
This inheritance
came that allowed
her to continue doing
what she loved doing.
In a conscious
sense, she couldn't
think how that was
going to happen.
The point is, these kinds
of little miracles--
they seem like miracles.
They're not.
The soul is capable
of great miracles.
And these things are
happening all the time
if we don't try to
use the ego to control
and say, no, I've
got to have this job.
And I have to have
a, you know, an IRS--
an IRA-- Is that
what they're called?
Whatever.
401(k).
And I have to have
this amount of money
saved by this time, which is
the greatest destroyer, it seems
to me, of dreams, oftentimes,
of connecting with soul purpose.
>>NGAN: It's very important
when you get connected to it,
is just to go with
the passion of it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And let it provide.
>>NGAN: And if we
go with the passion
and deliver that
unconditionally,
if we purely learn what our real
purpose is, it will turn up.
It has to.
Because we're just
sparks of the creator
creating, or co-creating.
So how can it not turn
up if we're the creator?
The only thing that's
in the way is our belief
that it's not going to come.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: Our fear
of it not coming
is actually the main obstacle.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
So then we feel we have to
control and structure things
to make up for that.
So I understand that.
I just wanted to put that
out because I witness it
all the time, great,
great miracles.
They're not miracles.
The soul is able to perform
on our behalf in the most
interesting ways.
>>NGAN: That's how
it's meant to be.
>>REGINA: That's how
>>NGAN: But people
have forgotten.
>>REGINA: That's right.
But Yes.
People have forgotten.
So let's talk about--
when your soul
is attempting to play this
out through the 3D world,
we just talked about what
some of the roadblocks are.
But let's talk about what
some of the tools are.
The soul chooses the
place we're going
to be born, the time we're
going to be born, the name we're
going to be born under, ideally.
Sometimes maybe the
soul doesn't always
get through to the parents.
I don't know.
>>NGAN: Occasionally,
maybe 1% or 2% of the time.
Most of the time
they get it right.
>>REGINA: OK.
And our astrology, the stars
we're going to be born under.
So these are all
imprints and tools
that affect-- pick up
the sentence from there.
>>NGAN: Yeah, the soul designs
the whole lifetime in entirety.
It's got a basic plan of
what it's going to do,
what it wishes to
achieve, and then it
programs that into the name.
And that name is
programmed into us
in a substance
called karmic matrix.
It's like a gray,
cobweb substance
that sits on a fourth,
fifth, and sixth
dimensional levels in us.
And it is literally
the programming
of the Law of Attraction.
And this stuff radiates out
to the reality in each moment.
And the reality is
rearranging around that.
That's why two different
people in the same room
have a different reality.
And the soul is actually
triggering this karmic matrix.
And certain things
happen in life,
like the same sort of
boyfriends turn up for a while,
or girlfriends turn
up for a while,
until you learn
the lesson, which
could be, I need
to say no to this.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: OK.
Then it goes away.
The soul says, OK.
We'll try something else.
We're going to do this.
Then something else
starts for a while.
So the soul's triggering
this karmic matrix
and seeing, well, what's
going to happen now?
Will she work it out?
Or will he work it out?
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>NGAN: Because it wants
us, at a personality
level-- because our
personalities are
brand new each lifetime-- to
have the visceral experience
of going from what I
call the negative context
of the karmic pattern--
could be feeling very shy.
I was very shy as a child.
And to go from being
very shy, and working
through all the
issues of unworthiness
or whatever issues
are there, to being
able to communicate
better, to speak, to teach.
And so the soul wants
go to and experience
what it is like for
itself as a spark of God
to go through the
experience of living,
being worthy to really
express its truth.
And it goes from one
polarity to another
and in 22 different polarities
we work with in the system.
Because there are 22 numbers.
So the variety you can
have down here is infinite.
I've never seem
two charts the same
when we work with this system.
>>REGINA: What happens
when a being decides
to come into a body that is
challenged or damaged and has
what we call birth defects?
>>NGAN: Well the soul's
programmed that in as well,
genetically.
Because it's basically in charge
of the genes from the time
it incarnates, which is
why most of the time kids
come out imperfect.
That's why.
There's 100 trillion
souls, I wrote
in the book, that come
out all in one piece.
And you sort of think,
that has to be a miracle.
How does that happen?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: And so it may actually
trigger some genetic defects
to create a challenge
in some ways,
either for itself and
probably the parents as well.
It may want to have
a limited experience
to see what that's like.
And that is often programmed
into the contract.
There is one particular
number called
a 21, which is about
building great endurance
through overcoming hardship.
And you may see something
with that occasionally.
But it just depends on
the particular experience
a soul wants to have.
Because , from a human
perspective, we feel, man,
that's really tough.
But from the soul's
perspective, it
needs that intensity to actually
grow, because it grows faster
by being in a physical
body than when
we're on the higher dimensions.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
And I would assume
that, by same token,
healing is also programmed
into that matrix
of our name and those
sounds and numbers.
>>NGAN: Yes.
If we understand it,
the exact frequency
is that program
that's running, that's
creating a particular situation.
If we infuse the
opposite frequency
or the appropriate
frequency, which
will counteract that, then
we can start to, much more
quickly, dissolve the program.
And because we
brought consciousness
to the program, which is the
last thing our ego wants,
therefore we're halfway home.
Because it's been
rumbled basically.
If we can feel our programming,
100% in that moment,
it would just dissolve.
Because all it wants
is to be acknowledged.
And then it will
change and transform.
But we have lots of lovely
healing modalities on earth.
We usually think
of divine healing,
which Ahlmeirah, who
developed this with me,
developed with a couple of other
healers, which uses the higher
self, which created all the ego
structure in the first place,
to actually dismantle
it at the same time.
But the main thing is to have
a conscious, feeling experience
of going from some
serious issue, physically
or emotionally or both, to
actually the dissolution of it
and the reconstruction
back to wholeness.
It's actually that journey
into wholeness, which is what--
>>REGINA: Yes,
wholeness and heart.
It has to go through heart.
>>NGAN: The soul wants that.
That's the purpose
of life, actually.
It's not some
endpoint-- I've got
to have a 401(k) and second
house and that sort of stuff.
It's actually the journey
that the soul wants to have,
which is what we
need to align with.
>>REGINA: And let's
talk about what
the soul could care less about.
>>NGAN: It's not too worried
about the material stuff
particularly, although that
may be in the contract,
to have material worth,
probably to work out actually
it doesn't matter in the end.
Because you can't
take it with you.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>NGAN: You can only take your
consciousness and your memory
with you when you
leave this earth plane.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: So you might as
well make them good ones
if you're going to do that.
So it's having the most
conscious life experience
to return back to love-- that's
actually why the soul's here
in many different ways-- and
about letting go of the past,
being in the moment,
flowing in the moment.
Because when the soul's in the
heart in each moment, when it's
in body, it's learning the most.
Because then it can
deliver its gift.
When the personality surrenders
enough to allow it to do that,
that's its greatest joy.
It's about to serve and deliver
in whatever form that is.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And it can control--
when I say control,
I mean by term of just even
choosing to listen and flow.
It can manage how that's
going to manifest in life.
But we're also surrounded
with other people.
We make our soul
contracts before we're
born with our parents.
Do you see instances
where the parents simply
do not live out the contract
they agreed to with the child?
>>NGAN: Well, it's
more about-- often
people don't get very far
through their contract.
You can look at
someone's contract.
And you realize
all that's stuck in
the physical karmic challenges.
They haven't got very far.
And how the spiritual
part of the chart
never happened because they
were stuck at the beginning.
So that's more the issue.
So the soul contract
is like a broad map.
It's a holographic
map of potential.
And what you're trying
to see is how far
has someone actualized
that potential?
And in each of the--
we have three aspects
in the physical part and three
aspects in the spiritual.
We have what we call
karma, or challenges,
talents to overcome them,
and then goals to achieve,
both physically and spiritually.
So we've got six aspects, then,
and we blend them all together.
If you work all of
them through-- which
is rare, but can be done-- you
manifest your soul purpose,
the meaning of life.
You manifest the point
of soul integration.
So people get stuck
in different places.
Some parts of their chart may
be really worked through well.
Other parts may be,
oh, that's a tough one.
I got stuck on that.
So it holds them back.
So it just depends where
people are on their chart.
Because the soul doesn't know.
It sort of like sets
this whole experiment
in consciousness in motion--
>>REGINA: You have
a blindfold on
and you're trying
to play this out.
>>NGAN: --and then you say,
OK, what's going to happen now?
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS] Exactly.
And so the likelihood of one
or more parties not making
it all the way through the
contract is quite high.
>>NGAN: It's quite high.
And the dynamics may not--
they may play out generally
how it was planned, but
no one actually knows.
Because if they did know,
they wouldn't do it.
>>REGINA: A moment ago
you were talking about
as we're creating
this reality-- you
were talking about
the Law of Attraction.
But you also talk about
the Law of Opposites.
What's that about?
>>NGAN: Yeah.
Neil Donald Walsch wrote in
his book Happier Than God.
He talks about that there.
And basically what happens is
that by the Law of Attraction,
you initially get
everything you don't want.
So you get very clear from
that, I don't like my parents,
or this or that.
Therefore I want this
on the other polarity.
So you get really
clear what you do want,
which is why the Law
of Opposites cuts in.
And many people feel
because they're not
getting what they
don't want, that's
actually going to
be the whole life.
And so with the
soul contract, we
can see what they're going to--
>>REGINA: It's almost like
a mirrored reflection.
>>NGAN: It is.
>>REGINA: So you
can kind of keep
finding your way
through the maze of what
doesn't work until you
find what you do work,
is what you're saying, right?
>>NGAN: It's process
of elimination.
Most people don't realize it's
the process of elimination,
don't get very
further than that.
So the universe is showing you
a lot of what you don't want.
But you've got to go
for what you do want.
And that will happen.
And as that happens, what you
don't want starts to disappear.
But then other things start to
turn up, what you don't want,
until you eventually
get to what you want.
So basically you sort
of get moved around.
But when you realize it's
only an illusion, and actually
when you seriously get
what you don't want,
you're usually closer
to what you do want.
>>REGINA: Oh, that's a
good thing for all of us
to remember.
When it's just feeling
the most frustrating,
you're almost there.
>>NGAN: Yeah,
because what happens
is that we tend to focus on
everything that's not working.
That's creating
what we don't want.
But if we shift
and pull our energy
away from that, our
creative energy,
because we're creating from
the higher consciousness,
embodying, then we
get what we do want.
>>REGINA: It's like the
saying, the darkest hour
is just before dawn.
>>NGAN: Well it is.
It is.
I gave an example in the book
of I was trying to buy a car.
And I was very
clear what I wanted.
And I saw one which looked
good on the internet.
But it was totally trashed.
When I actually saw
it, I thought, aw, I'm
miles away from it.
Then I remembered this very
thing, Law of Opposites.
So I pulled out of that despair
and focused on what I did want.
And that night, the one I
wanted was on the internet, just
got posted.
And I turned up the next
morning, it was perfect.
Within six, seven hours of
seeing what I didn't want,
I had what I wanted.
And I bought it.
And I've still got it.
>>REGINA: But why did you need
to go through that process?
You knew what you wanted.
>>NGAN: It's because it's
just the way the matrix works.
>>REGINA: The matrix works.
>>NGAN: You always get
what you don't want.
It's like trying to
find a partner in life.
People go through lots
of different partners
and then progressively
hopefully they
find more of what they like.
And they get very clear
on what we they do want.
And the right one, if
you're lucky, turns up.
>>REGINA: That is true.
Very true.
Yes.
OK.
We're going to take a
quick look at an image that
is the star map.
So people can see the
star you're talking about,
a potential.
So let's see that
up on the screen.
And then you can explain to us
what that star map looks like.
It's the Star of David.
And at the top, it says,
spiritual goals-- kind
of counter clockwise-- physical
goals, spiritual talents,
physical talents, spiritual
karma, physical karma, and then
soul destiny.
So explain why the Star of
David and how this works.
>>NGAN: OK.
So the large,
downward-pointing triangle
represents the
physical side of life.
Because we as
conscious beings, we
create a brand new personality
expression each lifetime.
Our soul's eternal,
which has many lifetimes.
But we're brand new.
So we need to learn
to walk and talk,
get conditioned responses,
education, careers, partners,
just get up and running in life.
So we spend the first
five cycles of seven years
in the lower triangle,
or predominantly
in the lower triangle.
All the aspects run at once.
And so what happens is
between the ages of 35 and 42,
or earlier, we start to
get the mid-life crisis,
or spiritual crisis, dark
night of the soul, whatever
you want to call it.
And the large, upward-pointing
triangle becomes predominant.
It's a spiritual triangle.
That's where we feel, there's
got to be more to life
than this.
And we're really
searching for the answers.
So we get divorced, change
jobs, get married, get divorced,
maybe have children.
We get really serious
about life because we're
trying to find the real purpose.
And so the soul's trying to
build this spiritual triangle
on the foundation of
the physical triangle.
And within each
of these triangles
are three aspects, these
karma, talents and goals.
And karma is the set
of unresolved past life
issues it brings in
for this lifetime
to create the negative
context, or the Law
of Opposites for a while.
So we get clear what we do want.
And then we have talents, which
are here to overcome the karma.
So if we're looking
on the triangle,
we see there's physical
karma on the top right.
So the physical
talents at the bottom,
if they're
well-matched, activate
from the time we're born to
overcome the physical karma.
If it's a good match in terms
of consciousness and power
and quality of energy.
And as we overcome the
karma, it becomes our gift
to deliver to the world.
Talents get stronger.
We move to the top left,
which is the physical goals.
It's like the underlying
drive we have in life.
What gets us out of bed in
the morning, what excites us.
So the energy flows
from the physical karma
to talents to goals.
And the physical outerworld
is like our interface.
And then we have the same with
the spiritual upper-pointing
triangle.
We have spiritual karma,
talents, and goals.
But in this case,
the spiritual karma
is our gateway to deliver
our spiritual gift,
to help us, if we work
through it, to embody
the specific type of
higher consciousness energy
to come to us, through us,
and out into the world,
through our physical
triangle, to deliver our gift.
And that's actually what
we're searching for.
And if we blend
all six together,
if we work them all through,
we get the soul destiny,
manifesting progressively
through life, which is actually
the real purpose for
being here, which
is what we're all searching for.
That's actually the
reason we're alive.
Because if we'd achieved it,
we wouldn't be here anymore.
The soul's always trying
to bring that forth
in all sorts of different ways.
So that's the essence
of how the chart works.
>>REGINA: So when someone--
you can do this for yourself,
by the way, in the book.
I just want to let people know.
All the tools are there
to do your own soul chart.
But, say if you're
doing this for someone,
and they come before you.
What's the process?
They just give you their
full birth name initially?
>>NGAN: Yeah.
We start with the full
birth certificate name.
It's all we need.
We need date of birth just
for their age and star sign.
>>REGINA: So that's
where people start.
OK.
>>NGAN: But basically we convert
that into the equivalent Hebrew
sounds and numbers, which
are one in the same thing.
And we allocate
them around the star
until we run out of numbers.
We do a bit of math
on the numbers,
then for each of the
six outer aspects,
we get a set of numbers,
a pair of numbers,
everything from a 22 and
a 4-- because 2 plus 2
is 4-- we get like a 14 and a 5.
We get a 9 and another 9.
Because it's got a double
number, all the way to a 1
and a 1.
And so each of them has
a very specific meaning
in the system, based
on the channelings
from the soul of Moses
through Frank Harper.
And each aspect, so
people can basically
look at where their
numbers are in the book
and work our the spiritual
map of their life.
It's all in there.
And they can, once they've
figured out their chat,
which they can do manually
or with the software, which
goes with the website
for the book-- that's
yoursoulcontractdecoded.com--
what they can actually then do
is look in the book to
see, OK, how far have
I got through all
my six aspects?
>>REGINA: Oh.
That's big.
Yeah.
It's like a progressive
chart in astrology almost.
>>NGAN: Yeah.
But they've got to work out,
OK I can see I'm about 20%
of the way through this one,
30-- ooh, this is a tough one.
I've only got about 10% through.
I've got a bit of
work to do there.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>NGAN: So they can
work out where they are.
And then most
importantly, the book
provides recommendations
based on working
with thousands of clients.
What do you do about it?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>NGAN: Everyone wants
to know, what do I do now
from wherever I am in my
life, because I feel stuck.
Or I feel I'm not
clear on purpose
or there's something
specific which
has brought them to
seek this work out.
So then they can look
at the recommendations
and choose from those.
Yeah, I can handle this one
and this one and this one.
Ah, there's a way forward.
So when they start to
apply the recommendations,
you start to dismantle
the programming.
You start to burn through
the emotional separation
programming.
>>REGINA: And this is
all happening, well,
mostly happening,
on a subconscious
level or a conscious level?
Once you-- say if I you
were to fiddle with it
and say, OK, I'm going to
change the spelling of my name,
for example.
>>NGAN: Once you read the
book and realize what's really
going on, this is
the big secret,
that someone's hidden my entire
life from me, and here it is.
This is what this work does.
I've got my map in front of me.
I'm conscious of
what's going on.
Then you can do
something about it
so it can't sabotage
you subconsciously,
which is what most
people do in life.
Stuff just happens.
We wonder, well, where
did that come from?
And it came from here.
But it will be in the chart.
So then they can see, oh, I
need to work on this program
to break through that.
So they can drop
80% of their effort
on things which aren't
going to work, which
becomes apparent in the book,
to get on with what does work.
>>REGINA: OK.
So before we get to the
question I was going to ask you,
there are certain numbers.
I've written them down.
You said there are
certain numbers that
have a really big impact on us
when they show up on our chart.
So maybe you can
just give us an idea
of what some of
these numbers mean.
Because it's not the same
as classical numerology.
The assignation of
values is different.
So let's talk about, for
a moment, the number 3,
for example, when that
shows up in a chart.
>>NGAN: The 3 is
all about becoming
worthy to express the
deepest wisdom of the soul,
as a teacher and a communicator.
I have a physical
karmic 3, which
is communicating
to you and everyone
here, having worked through
a lot of unworthiness
to actually bring
this knowledge out
to the world, which
is why I write books.
And so it's about
bringing out, deep
within that, a vast
library of knowledge,
which has been installed and
just waiting for the right time
to become visible to the world.
So the 13 is all about the
divine feminine aspect of God.
And it's about coming
into that place
of total unconditional
love for yourself
and for others, just that
acceptance of all things.
That's a very powerful number.
That's a number of the
current age we're in.
We're moving from
the predominance
of the unconscious masculine to
the consciousness of the divine
feminine, unity consciousness
accepts all things
as part of the one.
>>REGINA: What
about the number 4?
I have about six of
these written down.
>>NGAN: And the 4 is all about
the flow of God's abundance.
It's all about taking the energy
of knowledge, ideas, money,
and flow.
And I'm being worthy to
unconditionally accept it
in your life and then
duplicating it and sharing it
in exactly the same
way that came to you.
I have a 4, which is maintain
the essence of what Frank told
me, the core essence, very
esoteric transmission,
but also expanded it
by trying to make it
more accessible, but without
losing the essence of it.
So that's what a 4 is.
4s are the teachers,
sharers of knowledge,
creators of abundance,
philanthropists.
They just need to share.
They hear the good stuff.
They want to tell
everyone about it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I must have some 4 in there.
>>NGAN: I think you
got some in there.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS]
What about 7s?
>>NGAN: 7s are
about-- that's what
we call a link which unites--
there's two parts of a seven.
The 7 suffers a heart wound from
one or other or both parents
as a child.
So the inner child
goes into hiding.
And it's fearful
of being seen again
because it's scared it
will be seen as dark or bad
or be rejected.
So it hides.
And it puts out a
facade out to the world.
So there's an indecision
of someone with a 7.
And if they don't feel safe to
share of themselves-- so shall
I share my real self?
Or shall I hide?
And so they'll be indecisive on
all other areas of their life.
And they won't know
what's real in the world
because they don't
know who they are.
They haven't decided
who they are.
So their job is
to drop the facade
and learn it's safe to bring
their true self, true feelings
and thoughts, out to the
world and realize when they're
in that higher consciousness
bubble of truth, which
resonates at a very
high level, even higher
than unconditional love,
everyone around them has
to open their hearts,
has to be in their truth.
Like someone walks in the
room and tells the truth,
everyone goes quiet.
Someone tells a
lie, everyone knows
it's a lie because
their frequency just
drops through the floor.
So 7s are to be the former.
>>REGINA: So that
7s take courage.
>>NGAN: They're to take
courage to be true.
And then as they
heal their heart,
the magnetics of the soul
draw everyone and everything
they need in their life to them.
>>REGINA: What
about the number 8?
>>NGAN: 8 is-- has a
symbol of like an amoeba,
but it's actually
a watery creature.
And it's about learning
to ground here on earth,
form clear emotional
boundaries, and learn
how to polarize intense
emotions of earth work.
And 8s usually are
going to be very heady.
They're going to
think about emotions.
You know how men often
say, I think I feel.
Well, they literally mean that,
because they're actually--
an 8 really means that.
Because they're thinking
about what's going on.
What should I be feeling?
Whereas the lesson for an 8
is to come into their body.
>>REGINA: And know.
>>NGAN: And just know and feel,
ah, I'm feeling really sad.
I'm feeling grief.
Well, I'm really excited
about that-- in the moment.
And then having a
clear boundary when
they have feelings to know
other people's issues are here.
Mine are here.
I'm not going to get
over-involved, because if I do,
I know we're going
to get in trouble,
and knowing where
that boundary is.
So it's about emotional
presence and boundaries and just
presence and
feeling in the body.
>>REGINA: I just
have two more numbers
and then I have more
questions for you.
What about the number 12
and then the number 16?
Those are the last two
I'll ask you about.
>>NGAN: The 12 is
all about expansion.
It's about the absorption and
expansion of love and ideas.
12 people usually read about
six books at once in parallel.
And they want to absorb
all the knowledge,
take it to a higher level,
and then take it out
to the world with a 3, which
we talked about before.
And a 16 is all about
bringing spiritual energies
at a high level down
to the earth plane.
And then from the 7, which
goes with a 16, from the heart,
transmitting them in plain
English to the world.
So taking high-level
concepts and making
them accessible to
the man on the street,
the woman on the street.
So they're a bridge
consciousness.
That's what a 16
essentially does,
and overcoming the
resistance that the ego has
to engaging spiritually.
Because it will try and
focus on just little
physical karmic stuff
rather than dealing with all
that spiritual stuff, doesn't
want to know about that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And so when you're doing
your reading on someone,
if you're putting this
soul contract map together
for them, in this numerology,
as in classical numerology,
that we know of, the
simpler form of numerology,
does your first
name, for example,
carry just one of these
numbers as a frequency?
Or do you look at the
whole thing together?
Or is there ever just one?
Or is it always all of these
filling out the Star of David,
coded down into
the soul contract?
In other words, could I
say, my first name Regina
has this particular
assignment of a number to it?
Or is that just a piece
of it, is what I'm saying?
>>NGAN: Well, spirit
looks at the name
as one continuous
stream of frequencies.
It doesn't break it out.
We just have it because
we've got to draw a breath
and say each name.
It's basically one
set of frequencies.
And then we're decoding it
around the Star of David.
We're allocating them
in a clockwise spiral.
>>REGINA: So you can't
say, oh my name is Bob.
And I'm a 7.
It doesn't work like that.
>>NGAN: No, no.
No.
>>REGINA: That's what
I'm trying to get to.
>>NGAN: I'm Bob Michael
Hope or whatever,
and then the entirety
of my name means this.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>NGAN: All these six aspects
makes my soul destiny.
That's what it really means.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
OK.
Now I want to go into this.
This is the final part
of our conversation
but a really important one.
So what happens when you've
outgrown your name and you
think, it just doesn't-- I
don't like my name anymore.
My life is stuck.
Let's talk about
what can be done
once a person feels
A-- either stuck,
and they're not relating
it to their name.
Or they actually don't
like their name anymore
and want to change it.
And what happens from there?
>>NGAN: Well, that
means that yes, they'll
reach a plateau of growth.
So that name may be
holding them back.
Because often it will
be a current name, which
is infusing its frequencies,
that layer of icing we
spoke about at the
beginning into the cake
of their birth chart name.
It's like an overlay name.
So what may be happening is
that they've outgrown it.
So they need a new,
probably more enhanced name
that's going to infuse a new
set of frequencies, building
on what the current name
did, into their birth name.
It needs to be optimized,
so that it will enable them
to work through their
karma more easily, to work
through their goals.
achieve their goals,
enhance their talents,
maybe ground them,
maybe empower them, depending
on what's in the chart.
So we have a process called
name optimization, which
basically is just name surgery.
Because the soul within
us has an optimal name
when the time is right.
It's about connecting with
what's already within us.
It's not about
making something up.
It's aligning, as
I said previously,
with the flow of spirit,
to actually bring
the best out of
someone so they can
move to the next stage of their
evolution in their mission
here.
>>REGINA: So when
you're reading the book,
and you feel-- you don't want
it to be a shot in the dark.
Say you're feeling stuck.
So somebody watching
this says, I'm stuck.
Or I don't resonate
with my name.
I'm going to read this book.
How do you begin deciphering and
going through and determining
where you begin
that name change?
It could be I guess
something as simple as maybe
inserting a middle initial?
Or--?
>>NGAN: Usually we try and have
a little incremental change.
But before we get to
that, we'd actually
look at what's the core
pattern that's got them stuck?
And that probably will
be in the birth chart.
So they need to
address that first.
And changing the
name may be one part
of actually addressing that.
Because if you infuse the right
frequency, and it will shift.
But it depends.
It depends on what
the situation is.
But generally, when
the time is right,
someone knows it's
time for a new name.
And so you need to get
aligned with, well,
what's my real-- what's my
next step in terms of my goals?
And then you tune into that.
And they need to
say to the universe,
OK, I need something,
spirit, to help me.
The names will start turning up.
Because the universe,
through the outer world,
will start to answer it.
And they pay attention to that.
And that's the raw material
for actually playing
with the name, which is-- that
part's not taught in the book.
That's at another level,
that sort of work.
But basically
they'll start to get
clues of what they
should be called.
It could be a new
middle name, usually,
or a slight change of spelling.
Usually it's incremental.
Or I might meet the right
person and change your name
completely.
What happens as well.
Some people marry
purely for the name.
And they get divorced
three months later.
I've seen that happen.
>>REGINA: With a name like
Hilton or something like that.
>>NGAN: Yeah.
Yeah.
That name was just
what they needed.
So it varies.
Every person's
journey is different.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: But often we feel
that our name doesn't fit.
And there's a good reason why.
it will be clear in the system
why it's not working.
>>REGINA: Can you just share one
really grand example of someone
that was stuck and you did
this process of optimization on
and what followed?
Just so we can have an
example of what's possible.
>>NGAN: Well, I had one
client who was French.
And she moved to England
quite early on in her life.
And her life wasn't
happening that well.
Because she was using the French
pronunciation of her name.
And then she knew she
had to change her name.
or had to do something.
And she was one of my soul
contract reading practitioners.
So we actually worked out if
we pronounced the first three
parts of her name
in English, but left
her original French name, it
was the perfect name for her.
>>REGINA: And did that require
not just a pronunciation
change, but a spelling change?
>>NGAN: There wasn't
a spelling change.
>>REGINA: Just
the pronunciation.
>>NGAN: Just the pronunciation.
And so we discovered the whole
purpose of coming to England
was to get an English
pronunciation.
And so it ended up--
she rang me up and said,
I'm totally grounded,
Nicholas, for the first time
in my life, which was
a big change, just
from the changing of her name.
Because that was the challenge.
She couldn't actually arrive
here to deliver her mission.
So that's--
>>REGINA: She needed that
name, the French name,
but just pronounced
differently, so it sounded as--
>>NGAN: It was black and white.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: Just like she was
here, and then she was here.
And she shifted.
Because the name
actually did it.
And we didn't have to
look for any other names.
It was just the way we said it.
>>REGINA: What about something
that required a small change
in the spelling, or the addition
of an initial or something,
an example of that
and what happened?
>>NGAN: Well, I can
give mine, for example.
I used to be called
Nicholas Guy.
Guy was my father's name.
>>REGINA: What is it?
>>NGAN: Guy.
>>REGINA: Guy.
Yes.
>>NGAN: And now I'm
Nicholas David Ngan.
And I spent two years trying
every Hebrew male name
you can think of, even the
really out-there names,
long ones.
And none of them worked.
And then what happened was,
I put it out to the universe,
well, I want to get
on with my mission.
I want to be empowered.
I want to be ground,
I want to serve.
And a client wrote to
me, twice in two weeks,
using David-- Dear David.
>>REGINA: I keep trying to
call you-- I know it's weird--
>>NGAN: Dear David.
>>REGINA: I keep trying to call
you David instead of Nicholas.
And I'm thinking, why?
>>NGAN: Well, it's quite strong.
And then when I saw the
second letter, I thought,
I can take a hint.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: And so I
tried the name out.
And so the simplest, most
straightforward Hebrew name
was the perfect name.
And I changed the
name in about 2006.
>>REGINA: What
happened in your life?
>>NGAN: Well what happened
was that I got more grounded.
I came more into
my-- I could feel
my way through my
disempowerment.
I could feel my way
through my unworthiness.
I resolved massive
issues with my mother
because it put a lot of
feminine energy into my chart.
It networked me with all
the right people, basically
grounded my mission, got me
here today, got my book written.
Everything started to happen.
It took time.
But as soon as I saw
the chart, the effect
of the overlay of the new
name on the birth name,
I knew this is the right name.
But it wasn't what
my mind was thinking.
>>REGINA: No.
>>NGAN: I just had to
surrender, which I had.
I'd given up and said, OK.
I said, spirit, just tell me,
because I've tried everything.
And I know how this works.
I can't get it.
>>REGINA: It's so funny,
because, like I said,
I keep wanting to call you
David instead of Nicholas.
Nicholas is a powerful and
beautiful name as well.
I love it.
But I keep feeling
the David part of you,
even though that's the
name you chose to take on.
Sometimes the names
we choose to take on
can be even more powerful,
though, can't they?
>>NGAN: Well, yeah.
It sort of just gave me
all the right frequencies
to actually make
this mission happen.
So I'm actually in
the flow much more.
And I've had a massive
amount of healing.
It's taken six to eight years.
But actually that was the
beginning of the huge change.
>>REGINA: So we
need to be careful
when we're naming our children,
be very in tune and open.
>>NGAN: You're setting someone's
entire life in that moment.
So it's a big responsibility.
>>REGINA: So you
don't just necessarily
name them after your
mother and your grandmother
and your grandfather
and so forth.
You need to be just a little
more intuitive than that,
would you say?
>>NGAN: Intuitive and take
time and do what feels right.
Look at who arrives
and see, does it fit?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: Does it feel right?
>>REGINA: And then
not to be upset
with a child or a relative
or a friend when they choose
to completely revamp their
name, to support them on that.
>>NGAN: Well, often
children nowadays,
they can feel that
something's not right.
So they'll try and adjust it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>NGAN: But with a bit of
conscious help with this work,
you can really tune it up.
But often they know
what they want.
Or they know something's
not good for them.
And when you look at it,
it isn't good for them.
It's actually not helping them.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Well, I have not--
I read the book,
but I haven't actually
taken the time
to do my chart, my own
chart, my own star map.
I'm looking forward
to it, starting
with the birth name and
the name I have now.
And see what's
happened, what has
transformed through the years.
I think that would be
a fascinating process.
>>NGAN: Yeah.
Well, the book is designed
to look at your birth chart,
to explain what happens there.
It doesn't explain the
effect of the overlay
of your current
name, because that's
another level of the work.
But you need to understand--
that will probably
be a future book.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>NGAN: But you need
to actually understand
the essence of
who you are first.
Because there's a lot
of material in there,
and when you
understand that, you've
just taken charge of your life.
And what I realized when
I finished the book,
is that spirit was actually
writing a manual for ascension,
a manual for light work
is especially, on anyone,
to actually take
charge of their life
and live it to the
best that they can
so that they can become free
of the constraints of the ego
and best if you deliver their
gift of love and service
however that is.
That's the purpose of the book.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Well, it's a very
refined system.
And you've done a
lot to forward it
from what Frank initially did.
So we have a lot to be
grateful for in that.
>>NGAN: Well, it's
been my privilege
to actually be that custodian.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
Any final thoughts before we go?
>>NGAN: I would say that
the book will allow people
to follow their spiritual
signature eventually,
if they work on
themselves enough
and align to their
true purpose and really
maximize the experience of
this lifetime and the shift
in consciousness
we're going through.
>>REGINA: And it's quite a gift
to your family, your children
especially, if you can see
what their soul contract is
from a very early age, too.
>>NGAN: Yeah, it means
we can consciously
relate to everyone
in our lives, which
makes everyone's life a
lot easier and more joyful.
You can't ask for
much more than that.
>>REGINA: No, we cannot.
We cannot.
And thank you again so much
for your time, Nicholas.
>>NGAN: Thank you for
having me on the show.
>>REGINA: Nicholas David.
Again, the book is titled,
Your Soul Contract Decoded.
And it's a hands-on
workbook to help
you get a clearer understanding
of what your soul is trying
to express in this lifetime.
Again, wonderful thing to
do for your family as well.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]